SITE-62: Deleting not needed recipe execution (#39)
Lombiq/DotNest-Core-SDK: test/DotNest.Core.SDK.Tests.UI/Readme.md

# DotNest Core SDK UI Tests

## Overview

> This project contains a sample UI test for the DotNest Core SDK, which ensures that basic functionality is working. You can use it as a starting point for your own UI tests. The project uses [Lombiq.Tests.UI module](https://github.com/Lombiq/UI-Testing-Toolbox/blob/dev/Readme.md) which gives you a base for writing UI tests. For more info please check out the [Lombiq.Tests.UI repository](https://github.com/Lombiq/UI-Testing-Toolbox/blob/dev/Readme.md). For more UI test examples see the [Lombiq.Tests.UI.Samples repository](https://github.com/Lombiq/UI-Testing-Toolbox/blob/dev/Lombiq.Tests.UI.Samples/Readme.md).
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project contains a sample UI test for the DotNest Core SDK, which ensures that basic functionality is working. You can use it as a starting point for your own UI tests. The project uses the [Lombiq UI Testing Toolbox for Orchard Core project](https://github.com/Lombiq/UI-Testing-Toolbox) which gives you a framework for writing UI tests. For more info please check out its documentatoin. For more UI test examples see the [`Lombiq.Tests.UI.Samples` repository](https://github.com/Lombiq/UI-Testing-Toolbox/blob/dev/Lombiq.Tests.UI.Samples/Readme.md).

```

## Contributing and support

Bug reports, feature requests, comments, questions, code contributions and love letters are warmly welcome. You can send them to us via GitHub issues and pull requests. Please adhere to our [open-source guidelines](https://lombiq.com/open-source-guidelines) while doing so.

> This project is developed by [Lombiq Technologies](https://lombiq.com/). Commercial-grade support is available through Lombiq.

Reviewer: The equivalent of this should always be in the root Readme, which it is, so this can be removed.
